Skip to main content

Accessibility Overview

MENU


vikas




Thang Tran (12635172)
Org Chart
0
T-Mobile
T-Mobile USA (Mike Sievert (12516595))
1
Mike Sievert (12516595)
President & CEO
WA-Headquarters, Building 2
Office of the President (Mike Sievert (12516595))
13
Mike Sievert (12516595)
President & CEO
WA-Headquarters, Building 2
Technology (Ulf Ewaldsson (12652475))
12
Ulf Ewaldsson (12652475)
President, Technology
WA-Headquarters, Building 2
Network Strategy & Evolution (Ankur Kapoor (12404649))
6
Ankur Kapoor (12404649)
SVP, Network Strategy
WA-Headquarters, Building 3
Engineering Intelligence & Analysis (Peter Huang (12476826))
6
Peter Huang (12476826)
Sr Director, Software Development
WA-Headquarters, Building 3
Data Intelligence and Innovation (Vikas Ranjan (12420711))
14



Vikas Ranjan (12420711)
Sr Manager, Software Development
WA-Headquarters, Building 3
Show Less

Andrea Hu (12657669)
Engineer, Software

WA-Headquarters, Building 3
Darren Husting (12659532)
Engineer, Software
WA-Headquarters, Building 3
Jai Devinder Matharoo (13011177)
Principal Engineer, Software
VA-Reston Office Sprint 2
Manjith Bahuleyan (12612619)
Sr Engineer, Software
WA-Headquarters, Building 3
Monte Cox (13011320)
Sr Engineer, Systems Architecture
WI-Remote
Raymond Wu (12430653)
Principal Engineer, Software
WA-Headquarters, Building 3
Rod Hoon (12350220)
Sr Engineer, Software
WA-Headquarters, Building 3
Shalini Selvaraj (12632522)
Sr Engineer, Software
WA-Headquarters, Building 3
Shawn Nase (12662444)
Engineer, Software
WA-Headquarters, Building 3
Sonali Chandra (13255513)
Assoc Engineer, Software
WA-Remote
Sridhar Bethamsetty (13011436)
Principal Engineer, Software
TX-Frisco I Office
Stephen Flanagan (13011109)
Principal Engineer, Software
KS-Headquarters, Building 6220 OP
Stratos Koutroulis (13271159)
Assoc Engineer, Software
WA-Headquarters, Building 3
Tom Li (12517903)
Principal Engineer, Software
TX-Frisco I Office
Apps

Your Saved Order

Pay
Talent and Performance
Quick Links
Career
Personal Information
How Do I?
Directory
Favorites

Add Apps

Edit



Name	Short Biography	Current Projects	Contact Info
Steve Flanagan	I started programming when young and got the bug for it.  Love making things go faster.  Joyfully humbled by the folks I mentor and help.	CDR Modernization	stevemflanagan@gmail.com
Monte Cox	I spent the first 7.5 years of my telecom career in Transport Planning CORE SONET/DWDM infrastructure.  I spent almost the next 7 years in Performance and Operational Measurements Requirements Management (Metrics/Data Governance).  The last 3.5 years has been spent in Azure Cloud Services using my combined experience from the previous 14.5 years in producing or improving nearly every networking environment in the Quantum Cloud echosphere.	Tableau in Azure, AKS Data Hub, NEON, NEO, CFEI, TMS, AMDOCS Drive Test, TechX, NatDEV, Snowflake, DBR NAT Firewall, Private DNS Zone Consolidation, HSI, LSR, CDR, CostManagement, GEO, RAN, PAW, RCPA, UMLAUT, NED, CAA, LER, PAD, Azure.MEA, UEConn, IPInfra, 40G Express Route (WU2), 10G Express Route (SCU), CSDE, QCAG, PCMD, NT Hackathon, EMM, WAF Assessment - too many to list!	"https://www.linkedin.com/in/montecox/
Monte.cox@T-Mobile.com"
Raymond Wu	Software engineer and architect worked in various areas (gis, complex prodcut configurator, enterprise software systemes like order management, CRM, PRM, and telecom expense mgmt, ...) In the last six years I have been focused on data engineering to deliver highly scalalble solutions of end-to-end data processing and actionable insights in wireless network data.	"LSR
NEO
IAT"	Raymond.Wu@T-Mobile.com
Jai Matharoo	Experienced and results-oriented Principal Engineer/Architect with over two decades of continuous advancement in designing and implementing cutting-edge Azure Cloud, Big Data, and Hadoop solutions for both IT Data warehouses and Online Transaction processing systems. With a strong entrepreneurial mindset, I drive innovation and efficiency to create powerful solutions across diverse platforms. In my current position, I hold a pivotal role in ensuring the comprehensive security and governance of both on-premises and cloud-based systems. My expertise extends to encompass strategic Databricks Unity Catalog implementation and robust Snowflake security and governance practices, enhancing data management and protection.	Databricks UC, Platform Security (on-prem and cloud), CDR Modernization, Cloud Security and Governance, BQ Omni POC, Quantum Collaboration Platform (QCP), Snowflake	"Emal: jai.devinder.s.matharoo@t-mobile.com
Phone: 301-728-9312"


Product and Project 


Name of Product / Project	Purpose	Goals	Owner	Main Contact(s)
CDR Modernization	CDR processing rewrite; using latest technologies; Moving to Cloud/Azure	Faster access to data;  Clearer and easier to enhance/maintain; Improve quality		Matharoo, Jai Devinder; Selvaraj, Shalini; Flanagan, Steve; 
LSR (Location Session Record)	End-to-end data processing for producing and visualizing actionable insights of  geolocated subscriber coverage insights			Raymond, Darren, Stratos, Sonali
NEO (Network Experience Orchestration)	Build New Ways to interact with the Customer with regards to Network Events (Upgrades / Outages) via Care, Retail or directly with the Customers themselves			Raymond
IAT (Intelligent Automated Tilt)	POC to automate tilt changes based on coverage and throughtput KPIs/metrics using AI technology			Raymond, Darren, Stratos





Team Biography

Vikas: Compassionate leader, focused on bringing individuals into a collaborative unit for a common purpose and successful in bringing positive change. Strategic & innovative thought leader delivered multiple volatile, complex and business critical having uncertainty and urgency without letting pressure impact. Collaboration with tax, legal, consumer and other business partners in bringing hundreds of millions of EBDITA impact to the T-Mobile's bottom line.Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills with ability to interact effectively with people at all organizational levels.
Andrea Hu : am deeply passionate about leveraging the potential of cutting-edge technologies and excel at the intersection of data engineering and generative AI. With a robust background in large-scale data processing and a strong interest in generative AI, including technologies such as GPT, large language models(LLM), and leveraging OpenAI APIs, my ultimate objective is to drive transformative change through the delivery of innovative solutions. I am dedicated to supporting T-Mobile on its path towards becoming a data-informed, AI-driven, and digital-first organization.
Manjith: I am a dynamic and result driven data engineer with proven track record in designing and implementing cutting edge solutions to drive data-driven decision making. I am a technology leader experienced in architecting and implementing scalable and efficient data pipelines to drive innovation and product development. I am adept at leading cross-functional teams and collaborating with stakeholders to deliver impactful solutions that drive business growth.
Furthermore, I am a passionate mentor who is committed to share the knowledge and empower the team members to excel in their roles. I am a force multiplier who amplifies the impact of the team's effort and invests in continuous self improvement through learnings and mentorship.
Rod Hoon: I am a detail-oriented problem solver with more than twenty years experience in the telecommunications industry, working with text, structured text, and binary data, using tools such as Python, Shell, Perl, Scala and SQL. Currently I am participating in my team's transformation from using on-premises tools like Hadoop and Hive to cloud-based tools such as Azure Databricks.
Shalini: Software developer who is interested in problem solving, system design, introduce/implement automation, and adopt coding standards. I have 15+ years of experience in programming in Java, Scala and SQL and strong in algorithm and data structures. Part of my job is building ETL data pipelines handling data collection, preparation, aggregation, provisioning data to users, and building data exchange/access frameworks. Have worked with variety of data formats, modes of transfer, types of data stores and distributed systems such as Hadoop, Kafka, HBase, Storm and Spark in on-premise and cloud platforms. Have collaborated with cross-functional teams, been part of architecture review board, collaborated with distributed teams, mentored new team members and presented brown bag sessions at internal tech forums. I aspire to improve developer productivity by applying automation where possible, and work towards encouraging code reuse. Interacting with business users helps in understanding the data domain to start with, and data quality needs.
Shawn Nase I am driven and results-oriented software engineer who is curious, self-motivated, and quick to learning new technologies. My current focus as a software engineer is in data engineering, specifically large scale data-intensive applications pertaining to network data.
I primarily do development in Scala, Java, SQL, and occasionally Python, but I am always willing to adapt to new approaches given that they are desired, optimal, or necessary.
I place a very high importance on effective written and verbal communication, and see it as something to continually improve in tandem with my technical skills. I believe that the optimal way to collaborate, innovate, and ultimately achieve results is through facilitating understanding within teams and with customers. This ensures that code, ideas, processes, and knowledge are continually refined, shared, understood, and put into action

Srid: 
20 years of overall IT and Telecom (CDMA&LTE) work experience as Principal Engineer/Application Developer IV/Technical Lead/Sr. Developer/Programmer using Cloud Technologies (Azure), Python Django (Web Framework), Hadoop Technologies, IBM Puredata Analytics (Netezza Twinfin), SQL Server 2005/2008 for DW, JAVA, SSIS,SSRS,SSAS,.NET(VB.NET,C#), Informatica and Business Objects. 

In depth knowledge of Designing, development, testing & implementation of business applications using various technologies.  

2 years of Azure Cloud Technology dealing with Azure web application, App services, Azure storage, Azure SQL Database, Virtual machines, creating workflows using Azure logic Apps integrating various applications, Azure search,  notification hub, integrate Azure Data Explorer, multitude of applications utilizing Azure stack like Blobs, ADLS, Resource Groups, Azure SQL, Cloud Services and ARM. Expertise in Microsoft Azure Cloud Services ( PaaS & IaaS ), Application Insights, Document DB, Cosmos DB with GraphDB, Azure Cosmos DB's Gremlin API, Azure Data Factory, Internet of Things (IoT), Azure Monitoring, Key Vault and SQL Azure. Configured Azure DevOps for project management and implementing CICD process and code deployment.  

15 years of Telecom domain in CDMA and LTE implementation knowledge and Data warehousing experience using IBM Infosphere Streams,C++,SQL Server 2000/2005/2008 database, ETL tools such as Informatica, DTS, Java,C++, SSIS,  Netezza TwinFin72/10400/10200, Oracle 9i, DTS , SSIS/SSRS/SSAS,  Data Stage 

Developed Complex SQL statements for database applications. 

Capable of Performance Tuning, Optimizing SQL and PL/SQL scripts. 

Proficient in stored procedures, triggers, Packages using PL/SQL, SQL*Plus, PL/SQL, Discoverer, Reports 4.5/6.0/6i, Forms 4.5/6.0/6i, Interfaces, UTIL file utility, SQL * Loader, Data Conversion and Data Migration using API’s, TCA API’s of various modules. 

In-depth knowledge of planning, requirement gathering, analysis, system design and entire SDLC. 

Hands on experience of Shell Scripting, SQL Server, Oracle DBA and Oracle Applications DBA. 

Conceptual knowledge of Networking both in UNIX and NT. 

Strong interpersonal and communication skills and a committed team player. 

Experienced in following the processes for maintaining CMM-5 standards. 

Developed oral and written communication skills, with demonstrated ability to interface with all levels and across organizational lines, including leading/facilitating meetings and preparing/making presentation to both technical and non-technical personnel. Quick learner and can easily adept to new technologies. 

Sonali Chandra: I am a full-stack developer with an emphasis on UX/UI design; I collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand business requirements and translate them into scalable and efficient end-to-end solutions. As an Informatics major, I utilize user-centric design principles to a ensure a satisfying and intuitive user experience across my work.

Stratos Koutroulis:My objective is to optimize data processing workflows and enhance efficiency by leveraging Azure cloud services and tools. I aim to identify bottlenecks, streamline processes, and automate tasks to improve overall data pipeline performance and reduce time-to-market for our customers. My idealized process would be to integrate and utilize open source data technologies, such as Apache Spark or Apache Flink to deliver impactful solutions for the front-end business needs and utilize the cloud for scalability. Ultimately, my objective is to drive meaningful impact through data engineering solutions
Tom Li : Results-driven IT professional with 30-year experience in information technology.

Repeated success and managing many company’s high initiative projects from inception to execution, strategically allocating resources and delegating tasks to achieve on-time, on-budget delivery.

Designed key IT platform architectures and put them into implementation.

Hands on coding with SQL/shell scripting/Java and Azure Data Factory, diligently troubleshooting issues to identify root causes and prevent recurrence.

Leading DBA team to support business needs.

Expertly working on Teradata/Oracle/MS SQL/Snowflake.

Process improvement champion with a history of implementing new procedures and technologies to strengthen security posture, enhance operational efficiency, and control costs.


